In a busy restaurant, a girl in a hoodie enters
to order a burger and a drink.
The cashier looks at her surprisedly.
The staff even shock seeing the girl’s disable
hand when she makes the payment.
As she goes inside, everybody stares at her.
The girl keeps covering her face when a boy
asks his mother if something terrible happens
to her.
The girl suddenly flips the table and shouts
at people, saying that she’s had enough.
She runs out of the restaurant and can’t
stop crying.
What makes people scared of the girl?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us to the movie titled: The Final.
Be aware: there are spoilers!
Sometimes earlier in high school, Bradley
checks on his locker for a Halloween costume
party flyer next week.
He then comes to the class and bullies a boy
named Ravi.
When the teacher asks him to leave Ravi alone,
Bernard changes the seat for Bradley and Ravi
again gets hit in the face.
After class, the three hotties: Heather, Bridget,
and Kelly walk straight to Emily, a Goth girl,
and try to mean to the girl, making her cry
and feel ashamed.
Meanwhile, two nerd boys, Dane and Jack, are
setting up some bear traps in a farm.
A man named Parker comes over and offers to
fix the traps.
Dane reluctantly refuses, saying he can figure
it out by himself.
At the school lunch, the outcast students
including Ravi, Emily, Dane, Jack, Andy and
the Triplets are discussing a plan for the
upcoming party.
They look at the popular boys and gals, and
think they have prepared a perfect horror
night for their friends.
Suddenly, a milk box is thrown at Ravi’s
table.
The boy calmly brings the milk back to the
bullied kids, who are laughing at their good
prank.
They even smear Ravi for fun, knowing the
boy would never react.
The bully kids are: Bradly, Tommy, Bernard
and the hotties girls.
Kurtis, a friend of the two groups, comes
and shares about his very first commercial
TV gig.
He invites the outcasts to his shooting on
Friday.
When Kurtis leaves, Dane tells the team to
make sure Kurtis doesn't make the party.
Ravi says Kurtis is not one of the bullies
and he’s a good friend.
At home, while Emily writes her journal, her
mother opens the door and asks about the packed
boxes around her room.
The mother also shares a concern as Emily
seems quiet recently.
The girl just assures her mother that she’s
doing alright.
Meanwhile, Dane looks at himself in the mirror
and points an empty gun at his head.
He comforts himself not to be afraid anymore
when the “final '' comes while there are
noises of fighting from his parents downstairs.
At Ravi’s home, no one talks or even looks
at each other during the meal.
Jack also has a cold father, who doesn't even
look at him when Jack talks to him at the
garage.
At the video shooting, Tommy and Bradley attack
Dane and Ravi in the toilet.
Bradley tells Dane the reason they enjoy confronting
him is that he’s a coward and none of the
outcasts can stop this.
Tommy then breaks Ravi’s camera for no reason.
Dane assures Ravi that the two of them will
get rid of them soon.
Later at the canteen, Kurtis fights with Bradley
for his torment to Ravi earlier, telling him
to leave the boy alone.
The Halloween party is held by the outcast
students.
It would be a costume party at Dane’s farmhouse
and they invite all the bullies on purpose.
Jack and Dane predict the party would be so
well prepared that the bullies will never
forget.
The two then check on the weapons for the
decorations of the Halloween theme.
Later, the outcast kids gather together at
the bonfire and talk about their sufferings.
Jack claims that children are pawns in a sick
game created by adults.
Ravi thinks his worst fear is complete silence
in his house while Dane believes his parents’
fights are nightmares.
The group will turn the Halloween party tonight
into a night in which they are doing God’s
work.
They’ll bring justice to the world.
When it is time for the party, the friends
get together at the front yard in their fabulous
costumes.
Inside, the host kids share the group prayers
before calling off their final plan.
On the way, Bradley and his friends share
their excitement with marijuana and bad jokes.
The cop then forces them to pull over for
driving overspeed.
Smelling pot-smoking in the car, the officer
then asks the boys to give up all the marijuana
they have.
The trio finally can flee to the party with
some of the weeds they hid in advance.
Inside the farmhouse, the party goes crazy
with loud music, smokes and drinks.
All the kids enjoy their fun moments in colorful
costumes.
Only the outcast kids wear the masks in the
party and blend in with the friends.
They soon realize Kurtis makes the party although
he wasn’t invited.
Ravi wants to alert Kurtis and sends him home,
but Dane stops him, saying the rule is nobody
leaves after the party.
Emily secretly pours in a liquid to the bowl.
All the kids are invited to drink from it.
Few moments later, those who drink from the
bowl pass out, Kurtis is not an exception.
The hosts now take the weapons and stand around
the unconscious friends.
After a little while, a high-pitch noise wakes
the kids up.
They find themselves chained together, still
confused at what is going on.
The five outcasts are on the stage, giving
speeches with a prepared voice from the radio.
Dane tells the tied up friends that the group
has one good news and one bad news for them.
The good news is no one would get killed.
And the bad news is they’ll live a life
worse than being killed after the party.
They want revenge for the years of torment
and want to torture their worst enemies.
A friend named Miles still thinks it is a
lame performance and smears the five.
He then gets shot by a castle gun on the face
and in the leg.
Miles cries out in pain.
Tommy is allowed to leave the party.
He tells his girlfriend that he’ll call
for help.
The outcasts reveal to his girlfriend that
Tommy slept with Heather.
As Tommy runs away, the Triplets, also the
outcasts supporters, chase after to scare
him off.
The boy then falls into the bear trap that
Dane set up before.
The Triplets bring wounded Tommy back to the
party where he and Miles share the same room.
Bradley becomes scared, accusing the five
for their cruelty.
The five then laugh at his concerns because
after all the years, Bradley is always the
worst bully.
Jack starts to play some music by his favorite
instrument.
Bernard dares the five to touch him and earns
himself a stab on his shoulder.
Ravi is the one who acts it out.
Bernard is then forced to drink a mysterious
drug that prevents his mouth from talking
or even moving.
Ravi drops a key on purpose as he passes by
Kurtis.
Next, Emily tortures Bernard with some long
needles piercing all over his chest.
Later, he also joins other injured boys in
the same room.
While the group is scaring the bullies with
an ax, Kurtis suddenly escapes.
Dane opens fire at him but fails as Ravi storms
in to stop Dane.
Ravi gets killed instantly for being a betrayal.
The remaining outcasts are shocked at Dane’s
cruelty.
Meanwhile, Kurtis makes it to the cop’s
car, who is enjoying the weeds confiscated
from the kids earlier.
As the cop tries to understand what Kurtis
means, he gets shot from one of the Triplets.
Kurtis then takes the gun from the cop and
runs away as the Triplets are arriving on
their ATV’s.
Back to the party, Heather is the next victim.
She is tied up on a chair while Emily covers
her face with a white paste.
The compound gives Heather a slight tingle
first, then a mild burn.
Slowly, her face is destroyed as she touches
it.
Just then, Bradley starts to mouth off.
He wants the outcasts to take off the masks.
As requested, Dane reveals himself.
Elsewhere, Kurtis runs to Parker’s house.
Seeing a boy with a gun, the man fends himself
with another gun pointing at him.
Kurtis is asked to turn around and raise his
hands.
Parker knocks the boy out for the family’s
safety first.
In his house, Kurtis has a chance to explain
to Parker about the deadly party while being
bound on a chair.
Parker decides to investigate alone, leaving
Kurtis behind.
As he enters Dane’s family farm, Parker
is caught in a trap and severely injured.
One of the Triplets arrives and ends up being
killed by Parker.
Later, Kurtis manages to get away from the
house and rejoins Parker on the way.
He tells Kurtis that he has killed two boys
from the Triplets.
The boy also informs that he already called
the police and they’re on the way to stop
the reckless kids.
Back at the house, the outcasts take turns
to show their faces.
Bridget tries to apologize to Emily for what
they have done in the past.
Emily then hands her a pincer, requiring Bridget
either cut Bradley’s fingers or she’ll
lose two fingers instead.
Bridget eventually is cut off two fingers
by Bradley.
When it comes to Bridget’s turn, she still
can’t cut off Bradley’s fingers.
Emily then puts on the same white paste on
her face, leaving her face flesh burning in
acid.
Bradley now gets chained on a chair.
Dane then stabs Bradley's in the spinal cord,
attempting to paralyze him from the neck down.
The group then torture a boy named Riggs by
cutting off his tongue.
Suddenly, Kurtis appears with the gun pointing
at Dane, saving Riggs’ life.
However, Kurtis gets instantly shot in the
arm right after that.
Dane decides to finish Kurtis with another
shot, only to get killed by Emily.
She has enough with Dane’s craziness after
Ravi’s death.
Just then, Jack shoots Emily in the head as
her last will.
The police storm in and order Jack to put
the gun down.
The boy tells the cops that there are more
like him outside and they only want justice
before Jack kills himself too.
The next day, a news reporter mentions that
students were kidnapped and tortured "without
reason".
Kelly, the only stay unharmed but traumatized
by the party, swallows lots of pills in the
toilet.
Kurtis exchanges eye contact with the remaining
Triplet.
And it turns out Bridget is the disfigured
girl from the beginning of the film.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!